(Letter 1)
###########################################
National Press Release Letter

Dear Sir/Madam, 

On September 1, 1996, there will be a protest advertisement in the main
section of the New York Times Sunday edition. The 1/4 page advertisement
is titled "Costas Poisoned Olympic Spirit, Public Protest NBC".  

For a preview of the image and texts of the ad, please visit
http://www.fas.harvard.edu/~yhu/NYTad.html

A brief history of the protest campaign can be found in the Open Letter to
the World.

Please send your inquiry to our representative:

Mr. Zheng Wang
36 Oxford St. #407
Cambridge MA 02138
U.S.A.
Tel: (617)496-8031
Fax: (617)496-8031
e-mail: zhwang@das.harvard.edu


Sincerely yours,


Lee Zhang,  coordinator
The New York Times Protest Advertisement Committee

(Letter 2)
###########################################
An Open Letter to the World

Mr. Costas's frequent and incendiary remarks during the Centennial Olympic
Games on alleged drug use by foreign athletes outraged the international
community. His inhospitable attitude towards international athletes had
been widely criticized by the journalists around the world, including
those from European countries, Canada and the United States. Immediately
after the opening ceremonies, the Chinese Students and Scholars
Association of UC-Berkeley drafted a protest letter against NBC, 64,000
Chinese scholars and professionals, represented by more than 60
organizations, have endorsed the protest letter by at the end of the
Olympic Games. A spontaneous grassroots fundraising campaign was in motion
to collect money for publishing paid advertisements on major newspapers in
the US. Such effort first culminated with an protest advertisement on the
Washington Post on August 14,1996.

On August 20th, in a private letter sent to our representative, Mr. Ed
Markey, the Vice-President of NBC Sports Press, apologized for Mr.
Costas's hostile remarks made during the Olympics Game and stated "The
comments made (by Mr. Costas) were not based on NBC beliefs."  We welcomed
NBC's gesture.

On August 22nd, NBC held a news conference with Associated Press to
apologize to the Chinese groups. The apology was specifically focused on
Mr. Costas's remarks during the opening ceremony on "(the Chinese)
problems with human right, copy right dispute and the threat posed to
Taiwan".  Mr. Costas's hostile attitude towards foreign athletes and
flammatory allegation on drug use were never raised in the apology, this
is what we are addressing in this advertisement. We believe this subject
is of primary concern to a much larger audience.

Mr. Costas was "not available for comment" at the time of the news
conference, however, he has emerged after his "vacation" as unrepented as
ever. In a interview with the Tonight Show host Jay Leno, which was aired
on Thursday, August 29, 1996, Mr. Bob Costas claimed that,

1)His remarks on China's human rights condition and alleged drug use
during the Olympic coverage were "factorial", "pertinent" and
"legitimate". 

2)NBC has never apologized for his remarks during the Olympic coverage.
The letter and the news conference by NBC only served as a friendly
gesture. 

3)Neither he nor NBC has any intention to apologize in the future.

We believe Mr. Costas has serious problem in his attitude towards
international athletes. We hope NBC will clarify its position on whether
Mr. Costas's recent comments reflect its opinion. If the blatantly
unprofessional behaviors of Mr. Costas during the Olympics were to be
tolerated by a major TV network, we are compelled to question NBC's
qualification ever to host an Olympic Games again.

It is our obligation to show to the world that Mr. Costas inflammatory
remarks on alleged drug uses by the Chinese athletes have been proven
false. He was trying to associate those who were caught in 1994 but did
not come, with those who came with a clean record and again tested clean.
All of the athletes were cleared by the IOC prior to the games and IOC
would see to it no violations were allowed. Under such a circumstance,
Mr. Costas was in no position to be the judge on alleged drug use based on
assumed performances of certain athletes.  Our indignation is based on his
hostile comments on all foreign athletes. Mr. Costas's "Tabloid
journalism" has no place in the mainstream media. 

In a calculated attempt to shrug off the mounting pressure, Mr. Costas
likened those who protested him as the perpetrators of the human rights
violations, the supporters of an authoritarian government. By doing so, he
tried to push the protest movement into a whole new dimension. Instead of
inhospitable comments casted on international athletes, Mr. Costas
portrayed himself as a crusader of human rights violations, defender of
American democracy and an innocent victim of the supporters of the Chinese
government. Anyone with a clear mind can go to the Web site, and check out
who is donating their hard-earned money to the fundraising campaign. This
advertisement was made possible by donations of thousands of individuals
and organizations worldwide.

We do not dispute the fact, instead, we protest the occasion and the
manner such comments were made. Just imagine how an American might react
if, during the opening ceremony of an Olympic Games, a sports commentator
introduces Team USA in a similar fashion, "Here comes the United States, a
self-proclaimed superpower,  messing up with other nations everywhere . .
. of course there are racial conflict, AIDS, child abuse, prostitution,
drug smuggling, gun killing . . . . several were caught before, but still
made it to the Team USA......I wonder how they would perform this time."
How would an American feel?

Mr. Costas tried to label those who protest him as someone who has no
experience with "freedom of speech", as someone who are unduly sensitive
and overreact, and as someone who just can't get an "American joke". We
got your "joke", Mr. Costas, but it was not funny! Treating people from
another country unfairly, if accepted today, will gradually lead to
unfairly treating people from another state, another town, another school
or even another family. Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice
everywhere. That is why we are here to protest the unjustified behaviors
of Mr. Costas. 

We do not seek to foment hatred or to agitate a fight. Through this
advertisement, we hope to be able to build consensus among people of
different backgrounds on what behavior is not acceptable, and to prevent
such an unfortunate situation from happening again. Together we can build
a better world.

Sincerely Yours,

Lee Zheng, coordinator

The New York Times Protest Advertisement Committee

(End of the message)

