(8th version/NYT AD)
AD IMAGE at http://www.fas.harvard.edu/~yhu/NYTad.html
########################################################################
(Large Font)
Public Protests NBC
Costas Poisoned Olympic Spirit

(Medium Font)
We(*) strongly protest the irresponsible remarks made by Mr. Bob Costas of
NBC regarding international athletes, including members of the Chinese
team, during the Olympic coverage. 

Mr. Costas's frequent and incendiary comments on alleged drug use by
foreign athletes were unprofessional and biased. The Olympics are no place
for prejudice. Athletes from all nations are under the same scrutiny in
drug testing -- no more, no less. Mr. Costas's gratuitous remarks only
tarnished the outstanding efforts of all athletes. 

The Olympics are a grand celebration of common ideals where athletics
overcome politics, friendship overcomes hostility, and camaraderie
overcomes difference.  It is a unique opportunity for the host country to
extend a warm welcome to all guests. At such an auspicious moment, the
arrogance and inhospitality of Mr.  Costas alienated millions of faithful
viewers, deeply offended the international community, and greatly
embarrassed the American public. 

Mr. Costas should have the courage and decency to issue a public apology.

(Small Font)
(*) New York United Federation of Chinese Associations; CSSAs (Chinese
Students and Scholars Association) at Harvard, UC Berkeley, UCSF, Stanford
and Columbia; Tongji Alumni Association; Silicon Valley Chinese Engineers
Association; Foundation for US-China Relations Inc.; Chinese American
Business Association; Eastern China Airline; CSSAs in New York, Chicago
and Washington D.C.; Federation of Chinese Students and Scholars in
Canada;  and about 80 other organizations and countless individuals
worldwide.

This advertisement was made possible by donations from thousands of
individuals and organizations. For more information, please visit our Web
site:  http://euler.berkeley.edu/~lyi/dBCSSA/protestNBC..html

(end of the message)







