(7th version of NYT AD)
###############################################################
(Large font)
Public Protest NBC Commentary
Costas Poisoned Olympic Spirit

(Medium Font)
We(*) strongly protest the irresponsible remarks by Mr. Bob Costas of NBC
regarding international athletes, Team China included, during the Olympic
coverage.

The Olympics are no place for prejudice. Athletes from all nations are
under the same scrutiny in drug testing, no more, no less. Mr. Costas'
frequent and incendiary references to suspicions of drug use by foreign
athletes were unprofessional and biased. Such unnecessary comments only
tarnished the outstanding efforts of all athletes.

The Olympics are a traditional opportunity for the host country to extend
a warm welcome to all guests. It is a grand celebration where athleticism
overcomes politics, friendship overcomes hostility, camaraderie overcomes
differences. At such an auspicious moment, Mr. Costas' remarks blatantly
contradicted the Olympic spirit. His arrogance and inhospitality offended
international community and embarrassed American public.

Mr. Costas should have the courage and decency to issue a public apology.

(Small Font)
(*) New York United Federation of Chinese Associations; Harvard CSSA
(Chinese Students and Scholars Association); UC Berkeley CSSA; Silicon
Valley Chinese Engineers Association; UCSF CSSA; Chinese American Business
Association; Eastern China Airline; Associations of Chinese Students and
Scholars in New York, Chicago and Washington D.C.; Oxford University CSSA;
Federation of Chinese Students and Scholars in Canada, 70 other
organizations and countless individuals worldwide.  Please visit Web site
for details:  http://euler.berkeley.edu/~lyi/dBCSSA/protestNBC.html

